howdy there Internet people Isabeau
again so today we're going to talk about
the State of the Union there is no unity
none the United States today is
politically divided as it was during
desegregation Washington DC isn't the
best and brightest is the best of the
worst
Trump's wall dominates the headlines
even though 69% of Americans feel it
isn't a priority families are still
getting ripped apart for walking across
a line in the sand the government and
large corporations telling you to
conserve while constantly attacking and
destroying the environment there's 3.4
billion dollars spent on lobbying and
corruption in this country the news well
it tells you how to feel rather than
informing you the drug war is still
raging innocent people who harm nobody
or getting locked in cages masculinities
become so fragile that men are posting
photos of themselves holding guns on
facebook over a razor add teachers well
they gotta be prepared for combat
systemic racism yeah that's still a
thing
there's a concerted effort to mock the
youth of this country discredit them
hate crimes are on the rise and there
are literal Nazis in the street that's
the State of the Union today but what
about the State of the Union tomorrow
Americans are sharing memes on Facebook
talking about what sugar does to what
concrete and they're buying land along
the border to tie up that wall in court
Americans are still fighting for other's
ability to seek safety and freedom here
even if it means they end up in cuffs
we've researched for ourselves and
realized that eight companies produce
more pollution than the entire citizenry
of the United States those DC
politicians that come less and less
powerful as community strengthen
themselves from within and even though
many were purged on social media
independent journalists the world over
are still fighting trying to separate
fact from fiction
men who are actually masculine have
found it within themselves to openly
mock those who believe masculinity is
the suppression of others teachers now
they've started a whole bunch new
diverse ways to combat violence in
schools people of all races are starting
to join together and speak out against
that systemic racism today's youth and
they're on the front line of most of
these battles as you know the older
generations portrayal is weak while they
wait for Trump to build a wall for them
to hide behind in the Pacific Northwest
and the southeastern United States right
wing three percenters and the John Brown
gun club as left-wing as they come are
joining together keep Nazis off the
street even if it means with guns
we don't defeat tyranny and oppression
by complying with it while we fight it
we defeated by ignoring it while we
quietly create our own systems to
replace it to stay the Union I'll have a
clue
the state of those people who care well
they're in a state of defiance anyone
it's just a fall now it's gonna get a
little different here you know Derek
Trump State of the Union he offered to
sell for the ability to have your name
scrawled he gave money to his campaign
you would have your name on his live
stream I made a joke said if you donated
$3.50 to a domestic violence shelter
that I support I say your name
during this video was a joke I made on
my personal profile it was a joke
until it wasn't and people started
sending money so great media Aaron
Raymond James Woods I'm paying you to
never say my name ever
Kelly Bauer and the Center for Animal
Health and Welfare Jason Arnold Billy
rod Peter Kropotkin
Gary ferner Jay Martin Justin swanstrom
Chadwick wing it Laura Jenkins Lorelei
counts peggy martinez Priscilla
Hernandez Pamela Lockwood and one cheeky
fella who calls himself scooter Magruder
thank you guys and do not think I didn't
notice that y'all sent a lot more than
$3 a fifty-cent eh y'all have a good
night